---
navigation.title: 'Home'
---

# TheCoderPanda
Hello, I'm Shantanu Vishwanadha, and I come with four years of experience in cultivating relationships with investors and developers on a global scale. My portfolio includes the successful launch of more than 10 international products and the establishment of developer communities boasting over 30,000 members. My passion lies in engaging in meaningful discussions on topics such as blockchain, cloud computing, and developer relations.

Presently, I hold the position of Head of Developer Relations and Engineering at Lumos Labs. My technical expertise spans JavaScript, Python, Rust, and Go, reflecting my proficiency as a software engineer.

In my previous endeavors, I had the privilege of founding three startups and delivering robust solutions to satisfied clients. My true calling, however, lies in collaborating with developers to tackle complex challenges.

When I'm not immersed in code, you can often find me enjoying a good laugh at memes on Reddit. To unwind, I like to dabble in poetry and even dabble in the occasional creation of smart contracts.

I'm eager to connect with you and learn more about the exciting projects you're currently involved in.

## Current Hustles: 
- Building a Developer Relations Suite for Companies to track their developer activities and engagements.

#### What all I do as a Developer Relations:

::list{icon=ph:check-circle-duotone}
- Build Product Centric Developer Community
- Build SDKs, Code Documentation and Templates
- Get user Feedback and to accelerate Product Development
- Plan and Organize Meetups
- Create a dedicated Ambassador Program
- Organize and host Hackathons
- Build Decks and Deliver Sessions for products
- Mentor Students on Web3
- Create Vue components and use them in Markdown
::

If you are looking for anything from the above, feel free to reach out to me!


